------------------------------------------------------------------------
-- Release notes for Agda standard library version X.Y
------------------------------------------------------------------------

The library has been tested using Agda version A.B.C.

Note that no guarantees are made about backwards or forwards
compatibility, the library is still at an experimental stage.

If you want to compile the library using the MAlonzo compiler, then
you should first install some supporting Haskell code, for instance as
follows:

  cd ffi
  cabal install

Currently the library does not support the Epic or JavaScript compiler
backends.

Important changes since 0.9:

* Renamed Data.Unit.Core to Data.Unit.NonEta

* Inspect on steroids has been simplified (see
  Relation.Binary.PropositionalEquality and
  Relation.Binary.HeterogeneousEquality).

  The old version has been deprecated (see the above modules) and it
  will be removed in the next release.

* Using Data.X.Base modules.

  The Data.X.Base modules are used for cheaply importing a data type
  and the most common definitions. The use of these modules reduce
  type-checking and compilation times.

  At the moment, the modules added are:

  Data.Bool.Base
  Data.Maybe.Base
  Data.Unit.Base

* Add singleton sets to Relation.Unary

  There use to be an isomorphic definition of singleton sets in
  Monad.Predicate, this has been removed and the module has been
  cleaned up accordingly.

  The singleton set is also used to define generic operations
  (Plotkin and Power's terminology) in Data.Container.Indexed.FreeMonad.

* Data.Permutation is added

  Module contains inductive definition and properties of finite 
  injective functions with permutations as a special case. 
  Also, the definitions and properties of thin/thick functions 
  (from Conor McBride's ``First-order unification by structural recursion'') 
  are added to Data.Fin and Data.Fin.Properties respectively. 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
-- Release notes for Agda standard library version 0.9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

The library has been tested using Agda version 2.4.2.1.

Note that no guarantees are made about backwards or forwards
compatibility, the library is still at an experimental stage.

If you want to compile the library using the MAlonzo compiler, then
you should first install some supporting Haskell code, for instance as
follows:

  cd ffi
  cabal install

Currently the library does not support the Epic or JavaScript compiler
backends.

Important changes since 0.8.1:

* Data.List.NonEmpty

  Non-empty lists are no longer defined in terms of Data.Product._×_,
  instead, now they are defined as record with fields head and tail.

* Reflection API

  ** Quoting levels was fixed. This fix could break some code (see
     Agda issue 1207).

  ** The Reflection.type function returns a normalised Reflection.Type
     and quoteTerm returns an η-contracted Reflection.Term now. These
     changes could break some code (see Agda issue 1269).

  ** The primitive function for showing names, primShowQName, is now
     exposed as Reflection.showName.

* Removed compatibility modules for Props -> Properties rename

  Use Foo.Properties.Bar instead of Foo.Props.Bar.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
-- Version 0.8.1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

The library has been tested using Agda version 2.4.2.

Note that no guarantees are made about backwards or forwards
compatibility, the library is still at an experimental stage.

If you want to compile the library using the MAlonzo compiler, then
you should first install some supporting Haskell code, for instance as
follows:

  cd ffi
  cabal install

Currently the library does not support the Epic or JavaScript compiler
backends.

Important changes since 0.8:

* Reflection API

  Agda 2.4.2 added support for literals, function definitions, pattern
  matching lambdas and absurd clause/patterns (see Agda release
  notes). The new supported entities were added to the Reflection.agda
  module.

* Modules renamed

  Foo.Props.Bar -> Foo.Properties.Bar

  The current compatibility modules Foo.Props.Bar will be removed in
  the next release.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Version 0.8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Version 0.8 of the standard library has now been released, see
http://wiki.portal.chalmers.se/agda/pmwiki.php?n=Libraries.StandardLibrary.

The library has been tested using Agda version 2.4.0.

Note that no guarantees are made about backwards or forwards
compatibility, the library is still at an experimental stage.

If you want to compile the library using the MAlonzo compiler, then
you should first install some supporting Haskell code, for instance as
follows:

  cd ffi
  cabal install

Currently the library does not support the Epic or JavaScript compiler
backends.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Version 0.7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Version 0.7 of the standard library has now been released, see
http://wiki.portal.chalmers.se/agda/pmwiki.php?n=Libraries.StandardLibrary.

The library has been tested using Agda version 2.3.2.

Note that no guarantees are made about backwards or forwards
compatibility, the library is still at an experimental stage.

If you want to compile the library using the MAlonzo compiler, then
you should first install some supporting Haskell code, for instance as
follows:

  cd ffi
  cabal install

Currently the library does not support the Epic or JavaScript compiler
backends.

-------------------------------------------------------------------
Version 0.6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Version 0.6 of the standard library has now been released, see
http://wiki.portal.chalmers.se/agda/pmwiki.php?n=Libraries.StandardLibrary.

The library has been tested using Agda version 2.3.0.

Note that no guarantees are made about backwards or forwards
compatibility, the library is still at an experimental stage.

If you want to compile the library using the MAlonzo compiler, then
you should first install some supporting Haskell code, for instance as
follows:

  cd ffi
  cabal install

Currently the library does not support the Epic or JavaScript compiler
backends.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Version 0.5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Version 0.5 of the standard library has now been released, see
http://wiki.portal.chalmers.se/agda/pmwiki.php?n=Libraries.StandardLibrary.

The library has been tested using Agda version 2.2.10.

Note that no guarantees are made about backwards or forwards
compatibility, the library is still at an experimental stage.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Version 0.4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Version 0.4 of the standard library has now been released, see
http://wiki.portal.chalmers.se/agda/pmwiki.php?n=Libraries.StandardLibrary.

The library has been tested using Agda version 2.2.8.

Note that no guarantees are made about backwards or forwards
compatibility, the library is still at an experimental stage.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Version 0.3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Version 0.3 of the standard library has now been released, see
http://wiki.portal.chalmers.se/agda/pmwiki.php?n=Libraries.StandardLibrary.

The library has been tested using Agda version 2.2.6.

Note that no guarantees are made about backwards or forwards
compatibility, the library is still at an experimental stage.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Version 0.2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Version 0.2 of the "standard" library has now been released, see
http://wiki.portal.chalmers.se/agda/pmwiki.php?n=Libraries.StandardLibrary.

The library has been tested using Agda version 2.2.4.

Note that no guarantees are made about backwards or forwards
compatibility, the library is still at an experimental stage.

Note also that the library sources are now located in the
sub-directory lib-<version>/src of the installation tarball.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Version 0.1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Version 0.1 of the "standard" library has now been released, see
http://wiki.portal.chalmers.se/agda/pmwiki.php?n=Libraries.StandardLibrary.

The library has been tested using Agda version 2.2.2.

Note that no guarantees are made about backwards or forwards
compatibility, the library is still at an experimental stage.
