HACKING.md, before:

Contributing to the library
===========================

Thank you for your interest in contributing to the Agda standard library.
Hopefully this guide should make it easy to do so! Feel free to ask any
questions on the Agda mailing list. Before you start please read the
[style-guide](https://github.com/agda/agda-stdlib/blob/master/notes/style-guide.md).

How to make changes
-------------------

### Fork and download the repository

1. Create a fork by clicking `Fork` button at the top right of the
   [repository](https://github.com/agda/agda-stdlib).

2. If you are on a Mac, make sure that your git options has `autocrlf`
   set  to `input`.  This can be done by executing
   ```
   git config --global core.autocrlf input
   ```
   If you are on Windows, make sure that your editor can deal with Unix
   format files.

3. On the command line, and in a suitable folder, download your fork by
   running the command
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/USER_NAME/agda-stdlib agda-stdlib-fork
   ```

   where `USER_NAME` is your Git username. The folder `agda-stdlib-fork`
   should now contain a copy of the standard library.

4. Enter the folder `agda-stdlib-fork` and choose the correct branch of
   the library to make your changes on by running the command
   ```
   git checkout X
   ```
   where `X` should be `master` if your changes are compatible with the
   current released version of Agda, and `experimental` if your changes
   require the development version of Agda.

### Make your changes

5. Make your proposed changes. Please try to obey existing conventions
   in the library. See `agda-stdlib-fork/notes/style-guide.md` for a
   selection of the most important ones.

6. Document your changes in `agda-stdlib-fork/CHANGELOG.md`.

7. Ensure your changes are compatible with the rest of the library by
   running the commands
   ```
   make clean
   make test
   ```
   inside the `agda-stdlib-fork` folder. Continue to correct any bugs
   thrown up until the tests are passed.

   Your proposed changes MUST pass these tests. Note that the tests
   require the use of a tool called `fix-agda-whitespace`. See the
   instructions at the end of this file for how to install this.

   If you are creating new modules, please make sure you are having a
   proper header, and a brief description of what the module is for, e.g.
   ```
   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
   -- The Agda standard library
   --
   -- {PLACE YOUR BRIEF DESCRIPTION HERE}
   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
   ```

### Upload your changes

8. Use the `git add X` command to add changes to file `X` to the commit,
   or `git add .` to add all the changed files.

9. Run the command:
   ```
   git commit
   ```
   and enter a meaningful description for your changes.

10. Upload your changes to your fork by running the command:
   ```
   git push
   ```

11. Go to your fork on Github at `https://github.com/USER_NAME/agda-stdlib`
        and follow the [official Git instructions](https://help.github.com/en/articles/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork)
        to open a pull request to the main standard library repository.

12. The library maintainers will then be made aware of your requested
        changes and should be in touch soon.

Installing `fix-agda-whitespace`
--------------------------------

This tool is kept in the main agda repository. It can be installed by
following these instructions:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/agda/agda
   cd agda/src/fix-agda-whitespace
   cabal install
   ```

Commit message:

[ hacking ] documenting git pre-commit hooks

HACKING.md, after:

Contributing to the library
===========================

Thank you for your interest in contributing to the Agda standard library.
Hopefully this guide should make it easy to do so! Feel free to ask any
questions on the Agda mailing list. Before you start please read the
[style-guide](https://github.com/agda/agda-stdlib/blob/master/notes/style-guide.md).

How to make changes
-------------------

### Fork and download the repository

1. Create a fork by clicking `Fork` button at the top right of the
   [repository](https://github.com/agda/agda-stdlib).

2. If you are on a Mac, make sure that your git options has `autocrlf`
   set  to `input`.  This can be done by executing
   ```
   git config --global core.autocrlf input
   ```
   If you are on Windows, make sure that your editor can deal with Unix
   format files.

3. On the command line, and in a suitable folder, download your fork by
   running the command
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/USER_NAME/agda-stdlib agda-stdlib-fork
   ```

   where `USER_NAME` is your Git username. The folder `agda-stdlib-fork`
   should now contain a copy of the standard library.

4. Enter the folder `agda-stdlib-fork` and choose the correct branch of
   the library to make your changes on by running the command
   ```
   git checkout X
   ```
   where `X` should be `master` if your changes are compatible with the
   current released version of Agda, and `experimental` if your changes
   require the development version of Agda.

### Make your changes

5. Make your proposed changes. Please try to obey existing conventions
   in the library. See `agda-stdlib-fork/notes/style-guide.md` for a
   selection of the most important ones.

6. Document your changes in `agda-stdlib-fork/CHANGELOG.md`.

7. Ensure your changes are compatible with the rest of the library by
   running the commands
   ```
   make clean
   make test
   ```
   inside the `agda-stdlib-fork` folder. Continue to correct any bugs
   thrown up until the tests are passed.

   Your proposed changes MUST pass these tests. Note that the tests
   require the use of a tool called `fix-agda-whitespace`. See the
   instructions at the end of this file for how to install this.

   If you are creating new modules, please make sure you are having a
   proper header, and a brief description of what the module is for, e.g.
   ```
   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
   -- The Agda standard library
   --
   -- {PLACE YOUR BRIEF DESCRIPTION HERE}
   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
   ```

### Upload your changes

8. Use the `git add X` command to add changes to file `X` to the commit,
   or `git add .` to add all the changed files.

9. Run the command:
   ```
   git commit
   ```
   and enter a meaningful description for your changes.

10. Upload your changes to your fork by running the command:
   ```
   git push
   ```

11. Go to your fork on Github at `https://github.com/USER_NAME/agda-stdlib`
        and follow the [official Git instructions](https://help.github.com/en/articles/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork)
        to open a pull request to the main standard library repository.

12. The library maintainers will then be made aware of your requested
        changes and should be in touch soon.

How to enforce whitespace policies
----------------------------------

### Installing fix-agda-whitespace

This tool is kept in the main agda repository. It can be installed by
following these instructions:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/agda/agda
   cd agda/src/fix-agda-whitespace
   cabal install
   ```

### Adding fix-agda-whitespace as a pre-commit hook

You can add the following code to the file `.git/hooks/pre-commit` to
get git to run fix-agda-whitespace before each `git commit` and ensure
you are never committing anything with a whitespace violation:

   ```
   #!/bin/sh

   fix-agda-whitespace --check
   ```
